# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
The data is related with direct marketing campaigns (phone calls) of a Portuguese banking institution. The classification goal is to predict if the client will subscribe a bank term deposit.
The best performing model was 

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
- Training of a Logistic Regression model is implemented in train.py including dataset cleaning
- Data is accessed through Dataset created by TabularDatasetFactory from delimited csv files in train.py
- Random Parameter Sampling is used for HyperDrive based hyperparameter tuning of C (inverse regularization strength) and max iterations enabling a quick search in the hyperparameter space  
- Early stopping Bandit Policiy ensures that any run that doesn't fall within the slack factor or slack amount of the evaluation metric with respect to the best performing run will be terminated

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

